README.md, before:

# Corrupted Shadows

Corrupted Shadows is a text based RPG where you explore and attempt to save a world corrupted by evil. You must leave your village behind and attempt to save the world from the spreading corruption

## In Development State
The code right now is very scuffed as it's in development. If you decide to download this project, expect story gaps and some bugs. If you find any you can open an issue or contribute.

## Installing
Download the latest [Release](https://github.com/Priestytheplushie/Priestys-Quest/releases) and run the included `.exe` file by double-clicking

⚠️ **Note:** Windows may warn you about running unknown applications. You can safely bypass this if you trust the source (i.e., this repo).

## Chapters

- **Chapter 1 - The Corruption** *(In Development)*
  - **Act 1 - The Village** *(Complete)*
  - **Act 2 - The Forest** *(In Development)*

## Story
After the **Great War**, the world has been in peace, until a corruption spreads from the shadows, infecting everything in it's wake. It's up to you and you alone to lift the curse and cleanse the world of the corruption

## How to Play
- Read the text and use the number keys listed to make choices
- Make sure to equip weapons before entering combat
- Think before you act- small choices can lead to massive consequenses

## Known Issues
- Ends after the first encounter of Act 2 (Both Paths)
- Difficulty scaling is not fine-tuned
- Strings are sometimes missing spaces

Commit message:

Chapter 1 Update
Bug Fixes:
- Defensive Stance duration now decreases once per turn instead of once per action.
- Fixed Defense Check (no longer displays defense when an enemy doesn't defend).
- Enemies' HP now displays properly in Multi-battles.
- Fixed 'Flee' in Act 1.

Balance Changes:
- Health Potions can now be stacked up to 3 times.
- Minimum HP is now 100, Maximum HP is 250.
- Minimum Strength is now 10, Maximum Strength is 25 (previously 5 and 15).
- Orc's Mace damage reduced by 20%.
- 'Run Away' now works if Speed is exactly 10.
- Goblin's Health Potion drop rate increased by 15%.
- Player now starts with 3 Health Potions.
- Minimum Defense from 'Defensive Stance' is now 3 (from 1).
- Goblins steal half as much as they used to.
- Increased Corrupted Goblins' chance to miss when robbing by 20%.

Features:
- Chapter 1 is complete!
- Act 2 is complete, including a new timed encounter.
- New Item: Goblin Dagger.
- Attack options are now grayed out when out of AP.
- 'Very Fast' now types even faster.
- Added 'Fastest' text speed option.
- Unavailable actions (due to lack of AP) are now grayed out.

Important Notes:
- Only Chapter 1 is fully complete.
- In-development: Expect bugs, glitches, and crashes.
- Everything is subject to change during development.

README.md, after:

# Corrupted Shadows

Corrupted Shadows is a text based RPG where you explore and attempt to save a world corrupted by evil. You must leave your village behind and attempt to save the world from the spreading corruption

## In Development State
The code right now is very scuffed as it's in development. If you decide to download this project, expect story gaps and some bugs. If you find any you can open an issue or contribute.

## Installing
Download the latest [Release](https://github.com/Priestytheplushie/Priestys-Quest/releases) and run the included `.exe` file by double-clicking

⚠️ **Note:** Windows may warn you about running unknown applications. You can safely bypass this if you trust the source (i.e., this repo).

## Chapters

- **Chapter 1 - The Corruption** *(Complete)*
  - **Act 1 - The Village** *(Complete)*
  - **Act 2 - The Forest** *(Complete)*
    -**Mini Act - Goblin Camp** *(Complete)*
- **Chapter 2 - From the Shadows** *(Coming Soon)*
  - **Act 1 - The Fallen Fist** *(Coming Soon)*

## Story
After the **Great War**, the world has been in peace, until a corruption spreads from the shadows, infecting everything in it's wake. It's up to you and you alone to lift the curse and cleanse the world of the corruption

## How to Play
- Read the text and use the number keys listed to make choices
- Make sure to equip weapons before entering combat
- Think before you act- small choices can lead to massive consequenses

## Known Issues
- Ends after the first encounter of Act 2 (Both Paths)
- Difficulty scaling is not fine-tuned
- Strings are sometimes missing spaces
